we're back once again we got cry here
playing his Apothecary he seemed to have
been playing a lot of Apothecary around
this period which to be fair was quite a
while back cuz these replays were from
uh about 5 weeks ago before I went on my
Hiatus but
anyway cry is going to be playing
against asmon here with his warlock oh I
forgot to go offline God damn
it do this all the time
nothing changes does it boys nothing
changes I tell you what it's a searing
day here in the United Kingdom what is
it about uh
26° there is some science behind why 26°
in the UK feels a lot hotter than it
does in other places but ultimately it's
only you know it's not it's not that hot
but it feels very hot to us Brit bongs
and uh it's a challenge while casting
suffice to say cry doing something
interesting here not going for double
Scouts wonder if that is because of the
map or because of the matchup not sure
typically Scouts very good against Zelda
I mean we had this whole thing where
people were saying you only go triple
Scouts against zeldar which I think is
questionable it works really well
against this this Zelda build of fast
jens's Guardians banshees but if they go
for multiple Guardians I think it can be
very tricky and if they go go for ranged
upgrades on their Heroes so if we go for
ulator put him in range stance you
fighting a w spider xack that kind of
thing it can be quite
bad so yeah to only go one Scout is very
odd I'm thinking it is quite a Lany map
the map here ashes of Typhon certainly
in the default variant not the Redux
that inura made it's very much just fre
Lanes you know one two and fre by the
contested VP so perhaps that I was going
to say maybe he wants like double
attacks wouldn't ever really be optimal
he probably is going for some sort of 11
one1 build Devastators to counter maybe
the
Warlock and maybe maybe he wants like
double ASM or something crazy like that
I don't suspect that Devastators will be
particularly good probably wants to
cancel this flamer here I don't think
he's going to get too much done with the
shuriken coming out yeah he
did it will worth a shot maybe ason
would have gone for Rangers instead and
then you might have actually got the gem
bash off they wouldn't be to shut down
the attacks in the same way that the
shuriken can but we've got a nice little
pincer attack here trying to flank the
shuriken but there you go leap knocking
it over knocking him a little bit out of
the firing Arc and the shuriken kind of
realizes that going to rotate once again
with the tax moving in and that's it
ties them up in melee good stuff now the
flamer would be quite
useful Scouts doing their thing capping
the point fast Asm on Route double Jens
here for the Space Marines because they
didn't go for the the our lucky special
cuz they didn't go for the second Scout
this is now looking like a dead tactical
Space Marine over here no
heal oh very lucky couple more attacks
and this dude would have died quite
lucky there
supp cuz really cry should have got the
heal off on those attacks before
disengaging with the airod a bit of a
very small micro blunder there but
that's all right now Guardians obviously
by default absolutely dominate default
SC Scouts and so criers managed to take
over most of this side of the map but
the scouts basically just avoided them
took that point and then moving on to
Deca in the VP and here we go ASM
jumping in ASM oh they must have used a
jump earlier to get onto the field
sooner and this is really bad for them
because it means they don't have their
second jump so now they are F off by the
shuriken cry is going for a for Gen fast
te right now
wow okay well asmon needs to put the
pressure on he's got his ranges out
which is pretty conventional he's even
got the merciless witch blade which is
quite a good tool to deal with ASM not
only doing really nice damage per hit
but it drains energy every time you hit
beautiful against those jump squads but
particularly the ASM because of how
easily they can do a double
jump and as m is putting the pressure on
cry actually right now floating power in
comparison to his amount of
requisition probably because he hasn't
invested any upgrades on his Scouts only
just getting The Balter now for the
Apothecary will be good to help counter
this merciless witch blade warlock that
is via the full auto ability on that
Bolter to stun him actually cancels the
Bolter but yeah this build clearly not
working for cry he
is now in a situation where he has
excessive amounts of
power well actually no to be honest it's
actually balance quite well having
canceled that Balter and not getting any
other upgrades here wow quite a lot of
banshees going down there three in fact
maybe even four with the Apothecary
coming in can he claim another no not
quite quite lucky to get out there oh
there you go yeah four Banshee is going
down pretty nice not quite got the 55
energy on the ASM so the AP car is going
to suffer for a bit but the ASM are
going to be moving in here they go boom
banshee's obviously having just
retreated off the map not much to deal
with them oh [__] ason went for a second
shuriken and here comes the the Warlock
back in again so now it's quite obvious
to cry what he needs to do this merca
switch blade as you can see very
powerful war gear but it is very
expensive 35 power makes it the most
expensive kit you can get in tier one so
cry knows that right so what he needs to
do now is he needs to exploit the fact
that asmon's paid for this he's only got
relatively cheap ranges no long rifles
so these aren't too dear what are these
20 power or something but he did get two
shurikens so cry knows he's aheading
Tech he needs to get a razor back out
and he needs to put the pressure on with
that razor back start bleeding the
opponent ASM probably want to go down
the middle ta with can grab a flamman
they can go for the Jens with the Raz
back and then the Scouts can cap this
side of the map and the AO can go down
and support problem for cry is of course
he's in this interim stage now where
he's waiting for his Razer back to come
out but prior to it coming out he
basically can't do anything to fend off
this assault on his gen farm and I like
this positioning here with the Rangers
behind with the shuriken pistols
remember that these guys give a
debuff to the damage resistance of
anything they shoot those pistol just
imagine they're sort of marking them as
targets so if they shoot at the ASM when
they're attacking the ASM are attacking
this Guardian Squad even if this guy
wasn't here obviously now he's going to
cover it they're going to make the
meress witch blade do a lot more damage
to the ASM and it already does a lot of
damage per
hit 65 M DPS I think it's like 130 per
hit or something it's huge amount of
damage per hit
so yeah it's going to be brutal it's
going to be
brutal here is the Razer back it is
going to eventually get rid of the
Warlock the Warlock should be able to
finish that cap though which is pretty
bad for cry entirely having his natural
Camp it's not ideal has he got enough
for flamer no he doesn't so even with a
Razer back it's going to be quite some
time to actually bash these gens lacking
the flamer
[Music]
so that's the problem he chose instead
to go for shotguns which is okay I guess
I wouldn't have done that I'd have
caught the back with Scouts and I would
have got a flame attack Squad and sent
them down here but let's see will he
have time to bash it I mean at this
point Aon is tier two he now has a
bright Lance on the
field and he has a falcon on Route so
obviously there's a bit of time before
the Falcon comes out
here think he's making a little mistake
here as well wow ASM falling at very
high HP there quite unlucky all the
Shing catapults apparently hitting the
same
dude very
unfortunate I think you should have been
attacking the close the further away
Jens with the scouts and the Razer back
sooner looky it's only a warlock if that
was a faster or WS better XA this would
probably be a dead Razer back with the
crack shot Global for the spider or the
guide ability for the far Seer but
Wallock can't do any such Buffs
nice little jump here ooh can we get a
nice
nade oh little
early they get one model on with a
grenade wow lots of dead
banshees no Exar you see they're just
quite squishy about their Exar against
all this upgraded SM stuff replacing one
of the generators here but man map
control not looking great for cry right
now we've got the AO inside the Razer
back it appears
seeing that little healing Aura on the
Tactical Space Marines there and Rangers
just going around doing a capping Duty
themselves pretty good job for them nice
cheap unit they got that Fleet of foot
so it's quite effective Falcon and the
bright L's going to be advancing on the
J Farm again wow there's really no resp
bit far cry right now these gens are
getting hammered constantly incessantly
incessantly
hammered it's what your wife was wanting
could never achieve it though could
you it's all right we can't all do that
that's what swinging is
fun it's going to be a Devastator coming
out for cry presumably that's going to
be a last Cannon to deal with a falcon
combine it with a melab bomb that could
be pretty effective don't forget
stimulant as an upgrade potential on the
Apothecary I think stimulus will be very
good right now you're fighting a
shuriken still with its annoying
supression stimulant is that suppression
immunity to the Target Squad 15% damage
resistance I believe and 30% damage or
the damage and the Dr might be inversed
it's one of the
other but it does affect things like the
melter bomb so it will make the Melt
bomb do more damage obviously very good
on the last cannons as well to make them
do more damage and remember if you hit
the Falcon once with the last Cannon and
snare it then you can jump in your ASM
hit it with a melt bomb again and then
that will be 100% immobilization a
little bit of Mis micro there from cry a
little bit late seeing the Ambush there
from the Elda who came out of
infiltration from the hollow field of
the
Rangers and a little bit of a flank
angels of death is going down helping
the ASM quite a bit here they've got
invulnerability to knock back right now
on 50% damage resistance they are going
to be tanking alongside their Apothecary
buy Apothecary with no upgrades right
now not very powerful hero with no
upgrades I have to admit but with the
angels of death in the airo support they
absolutely tear those banshees to pieces
of course remember
one of the biggest ways that banshees
win their melee fights is by special
attacks but if those angels are death
the special attack will not do any
knockback so yeah not very effective and
ason actually messed up his micro there
inadvertedly rotated around oh God the
bright L is firing at the razor back
okay there come the
ASM um he inadvertedly rotated his
Falcon and allowed it to die then
because the final shot wouldn't have
killed it from the front but hit rare
armor and did kill it what can you do
chug chug chug goes the Razer back once
again actually to be honest the
um the situation looking pretty
good for cry right now it's kind of
balanced out a bit still behind on VPS
but he's getting there what what's the
level situation looking like okay ASMR
level two versus the level one banshees
but the Banshees another level two as
well got a bit of dist field on them
right now protect them from that razor
back pew
pew en yeah as complaining about the
range of that last Cannon I if you go
back you'll see the ark was like around
here yet it hit the Falcon but that's
because the wind up started while it was
in this Arc was it a bright if it was a
bright Lance a chaos last Cannon a beam
looter any other Squad basically that
doesn't have wind up on their shots they
would have just killed the Falcon
instantly cuz it would have just shot
while it was in his ass
but the last Cannon starts winding up
while it's in this Arc and then finishes
it shot as long as it can see the target
so it isn't an advantage it's actually a
disadvantage but people might think
intuitively oh my God you're shooting me
even though I'm out of the rain and the
Ark surely that's an advantage of last
kind of Devastators no any other a would
have already shot you before you even
left the ark you would have had less
time to deal with the the last Cannon
you know in that time prior to the wind
up
concluding if he lost Vision that would
it be it the last Cannon would misfire
or you could you know you've got time to
knock over
the the um the last
Cannon you know things like the AAC bomb
Etc but anyway just want to point that
out cuz I hear that complaint quite a
lot Rangers caught out here by the ASM a
double SN kill on the last guy
jeez and as I'm getting a nice bit of XP
in the end here here what is the plan
for asmon this is quite tricky Falcon is
always so
risky against
SM I don't know smav is just mental like
you can go the ra FL purely because it's
got more HP but then it's uh it's less
mobile and you still are vulnerable to
the melter bomb last Cannon combo we
didn't even see melter bombs here on the
ASM didn't even
bother still managed to kill the Falcon
obviously that was an error on asmon's
behalf
I have deployed teams destroy oh it
might not been in Hol field earlier
actually in fact it probably wasn't I
don't think they get it by default with
their pistols I'm not certain oh looks
like this is going to be the end of the
Razer back nice
play with the very thing that I was
going to be talking about the cloer
shadow so it's AOE infiltration which is
cool as a gimmick and it worked right
there to kill the razor back right but
the other advantag is check it out all
these the Banshees right now are taking
15% less range damage and then they've
got distort field for 50% less range
damage and then if they've used Fleet of
foot with their xack they're also going
to be taking 50% reduced range damage
now that Stacks multiplicatively meaning
you won't get 100% immunity but you're
going to get very close when you're
stacking all these
Buffs so pretty cool to
see cry is just going to go tier
three he doesn't have a tremendous
amount of power though so I am concerned
about him losing his power as he's going
tier three it's becoming quite a
familiar sight this isn't it him losing
his gen Farm over
here yeah this could be a problem cuz he
he'll get in this situation where he has
just enough power banked up to get
one tier three unit and then then it'll
run out and he won't be able to get any
more and then if you're only stuck with
one tier three unit it might make you
question whether or not that was even
worth it
bit of an ambitious jump there from the
ASM they should have known that he was
going to retreat out in time bit of
bleed coming in from the Warlock
honestly not seeing too much from this
Merc of the switch blade it feels like
it's a bit tricky when you go for it and
you don't have the Champions R to give
you that not back immunity you've run
both to the shotguns and the initial
jump of the ASM but we have seen the
cler Shadows do good work he's picked up
the W throw as well I think we've seen
one over here but it was relatively
inconsequential find W for a lot better
when you're fighting more setup teams or
when the map's kind of Tighter and
you're having a lot of army versus army
fights cry is not really engaging in
that as you can see right now he's very
split up APO staying with the ASM so of
attacks running around capping on their
own same with the the last Cannon same
with the scouts everyone's sort of
staggered about so I think he'll find
very few opportunities to use that warp
throw well I think actually rather than
going for the warp throw even though it
is a classic and it is a pretty broken
War gear to be fair probably would have
been better better just getting fou
sho's Wing to give a speed and damage
boost to Y banshees help them out in
those big fights against the ASM and
that kind of thing you know the AO is
always running around with his ASM wock
should be running around with his
banshees as he is right now he got good
Synergy with the clock
Shadows but yeah W thr is not really
going to help those banshees is it a
damage boost definitely would and when
it comes to retreat wipes like this
right now the speed boost would be even
better might even get the tax
anywhere yeah get some anyway holy [__]
wasn't a great situation for those TS
asmon has also gone tier three so both
players are now tier three but I'm sure
you guys as veteran Watchers of this
channel will know what's going on with
the SM versus Elda tier 3s boys how
powerful is the SM tier three out of all
the
races one of the best right we're
talking om
IG SM these are the best tier 3s in the
game how powerful is the lar TI
three probably the weakest in the game
so
level generally not great we'll see how
it goes though right now we've got the
SE Council coming out o is this
Terminators I was going to say so the C
Council will counter the Terminators
quite well it is indeed going to be
Terminators let's see how cry can use
these now we have got a warlock here so
there's potential to use Swift movement
Global which boosts the speed of
everyone yeah B's just got to get out of
there there way too much DPS to be going
in on their own they're only level
[Music]
two they're going to need that distort
field they're going to need the passive
Aura from the SE Council that reduces
the amount of range damage that anyone
around them takes and
themselves and of course the uh CL of
Shadows oh there we go Fu's Wing he got
it he realized the um the W for wasn't
really doing anything because we don't
have many blobbed fights but check this
out
o look at that yeah plus two speeds
pretty scary and 25 extra 25% extra
damage yeah that's pretty spooky on the
Warlock I don't know why he's not going
into melee with the Terminators right
now he's just incurring loads of free
damage perhaps thinking he can get a
wipe on the last Cannon maybe he can
yeah a little bit odd cry didn't Retreat
sooner he does get a wi probably just
wants to retreat out of here I don't
think he wants this fight right now
heavy flamer is
equipped
Retreat y he's going to B it out he's
going to trade because he knows that
banshees are coming in afterwards but
here is the heavy flamer on the ground
let's see how much damage that can do
banshees have got dist field on them
have they no they don't they don't even
have dist field nor the fleet of foot
and they're not taking that much damage
wow man if they had um oh they're Swift
movement so that's it seers banshees
everything speed buffed right now so
this is great because unlike Fleet of
foot it doesn't reduce the amount of
melee damage you do remember Fleet of
foot reduces your melee damage by 40%
Swift movement doesn't so you can see
clearly the Warlock has has a lot of
synergy with melee things like that Fu's
Wing things like Swift movement do you
remember how earlier I was saying that
the Razer back would have died if it was
a wat betterer xac or a Fier due to the
ability to boost the bright Lance well
this is why the the Warlock doesn't have
those capabilities cuz the Warlock is
more melee focused bit weird that the
Warlock turned around then I really feel
like he could have slain the Apothecary
very odd that the AO still running
around naked we did see an upgrade from
the ASM to Vanguard right
now but not looking great to be honest
uh loss of the Terminators is is a
pretty terrible situation for cry
there's still a bright Lance on the
field to help counter any predator and
asmon could get out of fire prism soon
as well so asmon's got more power gens
up yeah it's just it's a pretty pretty
miserable situation for Cry he's kind of
screwed he'd have to go for a predator
uh I mean this is presumably oh he's got
no one he hasn't got any power he'd
never get a predator out yeah it's GG so
he's going for the Devastator heavy
Bolter try and count the say Council
but situations like that that's where
you could swap out to the wro again pull
the [__] pull the heavy Boler in swap
back to F sh Wing activate on the seers
and then just rip them and Retreat and
look at this that's exactly what he's
doing so pretty cool pretty nice to
see it's nice to see the Warlock
utilizing his more Mele orientated
Powers obviously Terminators there inter
C cils are not a very good match up the
Terminator would be a good match up
against the prism and the Predator would
be the counter to the sa
Council and generally if you can get the
Terminators plus the Predator that will
be superior to Sears plus
prism but didn't manage
it and now the power disparity between
the two of them because of all that
power bashing is really coming
out nice to see the prism with that
little buff that it got only 125 power
now for this bad boy not 13 five which I
think was necessary they're very very
good if you can get them in multi in
team in team games like 3v3 they're kind
of cracked if you get a pair fire prisms
as long as you're not fighting something
like a KOB but uh yeah in One V one the
impact of them for 135 power was really
lacking and it was very map dependent as
well they're very good on this map cuz
you have so much Open Spaces you you
plant a prism here you can cover all
here and here it's pretty awesome but
other Maps like think Gill's Forge no
they're not doing much
definitely not worth it there for 135 so
nice to see that buff
but there you go folks a bit of Eldar if
feel like Elder are becoming rarer and
rarer which I suppose it's appropriate
to the law anyway I hope you enjoyed
that one that's going to be all from
your boy topid this time leave a like
And subscribe if you want more of this
thing we are still fighting that war
against the algorithm top is signing out
[Music]
la